---
title: "Day 25: Status Check"
---

## Workout

My fourth day doing a 3-minute plank!

A year ago I got a gym membership and got myself a personal trainer. I still remember my body shaking while struggling to maintain a 30-second forearm plank. I admit, I haven’t been quite consistent, but hey, I can do straight-up 3-minute planks now with little sweat!

I can now also stay on a handstand with little wall assistance, and can stay inverted for up to a minute. Yay!

Also happy to that I can do 10 proper pushups now with no breaks!

## Food

Still got a lot of leftover pizza from my birthday celebration four days ago so I still have them for breakfast lunch. Lol.

I knowww. I’m way far from being in a calorie-deficit. But hey, lemme have it. It’s my birthweek.


## Mental Health and Being In A Community

Even with these personal achievements and overflowing food supply, I know that if I’m not living in this compound, I probably would have been so miserable I may have had thoughts of jumping out of the building. Even when I could entertain and feed myself, nothing beats actual, human interaction. And I consider myself very lucky to be living in this compound, with my loving parents, and temple-mates who treat each other with respect.

Just further impresses the idea on me that we humans are in need of a healthy community. Our nearest relatives, the apes, all formed groups. We are designed to be in a group. We are wired to seek belongingness, in one way or another, which doesn't necessarily mean losing your individual identity to the group.

---

## Random Stuff

### Dopamine and Revolution

I’d wager Rizal and Bonifacio may not have been the heroes we know today if all the distractions we have today existed during their times. The revolution may not have been possible either.

Unless of course they possess superhuman abilities to concentrate.

### Power Over Me

I’ve also started studying how to play the ukulele for Power Over Me (artist here)

> You’ve got that power over me, my my  
> Everything I hold dear resides in those eyes

That’s probably one of the most romantic / cheesy but pretty good lines I’ve heard in a long while.

One thing I don’t think I’ve ever felt.

And now wondering if I ever will.

Wondering if the quarantine will ever lift. 

Yeah yeah, I know this blog is visible amongst my professional circles, but hey, isn’t this part of being human? We’re far from being machines and so let’s not pretend to be.  There are times to focus on work, there are times where we allow ourselves to be vulnerable.

Honestly, I think the industrial revolution spiked our productivity in expense of our humanity. Hmm, actually no. Slavery has always existed in one form or another.  People born of better circumstances lording over those who haven’t quite made the life's circumstancial lottery.

Hmm, I guess it’s time for me to do another 3-minute plank.

### Bliss In Ignorance

> My desire to be well-informed is currently at odds with my desire to stay sane.

For sanity’s sake, we may choose to ignore the hard realities we’re facing now. We can only do so much, we can only help as much. But you've got to help yourself first.

These days I oscillate between boredom, anxiety, and excitement.