---
title: "Day 22: Pampered Times"
---


Last night, a cousin told me we’re living in crazy, difficult times.

Given the times we’re used to, heck yeah these times truly are crazy and difficult. But if we look back 400 years ago, our lives these days are waaay too pampered. If you can read this and you have access to the internet, yes, you’re pampered. 

I don’t mean to discount our current collective sufferings. We’re suffering because of the changes. Our degrees of tolerance are different.

I’m talking about my own coping mechanism of looking back at history and comparing how our lives currently are to the lives we possibly could have had had technological advancements not occurred.

We will compare. It’s our nature to compare. But we can choose which ones to compare. While it’s natural to compare the reality we are experiencing to the reality we’ve grown used to, during these times it might also be very helpful to compare our current reality to the reality of our ancestors. 

Or maybe I’m not hitting the nail in the head because we’re talking about different needs.

I’m on the first level of maslow’s hierarchy of needs, and you’re into the 3rd and 4th level.

Well, no matter where you are, or who you are. Just know that your feelings are valid. And I hope you get to deal with these feelings in the healthiest ways possible.

The lockdown may extend for another 15 days. Do I want it? No. Is it necessary? Might be.

I miss not going out because I don’t want to and not because I’m not allowed to.

Nonetheless, I’m very thankful and happy for all the blessings that come my way.

I feel like I’m one of the luckiest persons I know. I truly do. There’s no reason for me to feel bad about my existence. Just existing is enough, sometimes. I am well-loved. 

I will help out and give back in ways I know and possible.

——


Is this the new normal? It’s not much of a change for me.



————————————


At times like this, it’s as if it’s a sin to feel happy.