

Day 7 - 22 March 2020



Nope, I haven’t lived enough when I have all the privileges to do so.

Constant journey to “debug” myself.













Mismatched 





I’ll join the races, dives, and hangouts that I can join as my schedule and sustenance allows. 
"While skeletons are interesting, they just represent the end of somebody's life, and actually what we are interested in as archaeologists is the life they led before they died,"

Another issue though is if things don’t go as planned — they changed their plans on which checkpoints they pass through and when.

From what I’ve watched in the webinar (https://dctx.slack.com/archives/CV5UXGYRX/p1584413308049800), the reason we’re asking for the checkpoint is that the inspector’s device may not be able to hold all the QR codes for all the vehicles passing through all the checkpoints hence we’re “sharding” the data to save phone/device space. The device of the inspector assigned at a particular checkpoint will only have to save the QR codes of those expected to pass through that particular checkpoint.  (correct me if I’m wrong, thanks)

Would it be feasible to allow the user to change the checkpoints they’ll pass through and instantly update the inspector’s device?

Mga jokes ko pang matatalinong tao. Sarreh.



Personal Growth is a lifetime process
We learn everyday, we grow everyday
Change is constant

NOW OR NEVER!!!!!!

Mistake gap!!!!!

Inspiration GAP!!!
Motivation is a trap
Expectation gap!!

Conquer people’s judgements!!!
It’s okay to be judged
As long as you know what you’ll do after that
Do you have your personal growth plan
Make your commitment to start growing today

LAW OF INTENTIONALITY
GROWTH DOESN’T JUST HAPPEN


#2 LAW OF AWARENESS
People don’t know what they want to do — madali ma-distract, they don’t know their purpose, may mga taong may hidden intentions pa nililigaw ka
People who know what they want to do but not do it — other priorities
People who know what they want to do and do it

#3 MIRROR

You must see value in yourself to give value to yourself.
Kung hindi mo kinaya ngayon, at least your tried!!
Stop bullying yourself!
If you want to see your future full of color, don’t look at your past as black and white

Always believe you can

#5 CONSISTENCY

try something new so you can grow
if you have goals, you need objectives din

match you motivation with you personality type

too much too soon is demotivating

Improve everyday!!!!


growth conscious vs goal conscious



refuse to be captive
don’t allow yourself to be a victim of your circustances

punta ka sa lugar kung saan maggrow ka
time for a change

kung gusto mo umunlad, kailangan mo magsipag
kailangan mo kumilos

has more to do with your choices and not your circumstances

to grow, assess your current environment — sino nasa paligid mo, yung mga tao, yung lugar
change yourself and your environment

choose who to spend your life with


#9 The ladder

character height determines the height of your personal growth

you have to give up to grow up

tradeoffs never leave us


not because they lack capacity
but they’re unwilling to expand their limits
always ask questions!!!!


success of my day is based on the seeds that i sow, not based on the harvest




Q: How do we validate the identity of the users who are applying for rapidpass? 
