QUARANTINE: Day 6
21 March 2020


Morning

- Abs challenge
- Yoga
- Read

Afternoon

- Turned my room into a comshop, letting my friend use my other laptop, use my netflix, 
- PWEDE BA FRIENDSHIP NA LANG



Evening

- switching between facebook, instagram, and coding 





Thoughts

Not much of my lifestyle has changed. I’m still at home, I’m still on my laptop, I have a whole stock of food, and I’m with my family. I’m still away from my friends and I don’t talk to them as often either.  We’ve always told each other to schedule catchups, even just for coffee and we’ve always postponed them. Yup, we’re pretty much too chill like that. But that was all fine, we just push it off for later until our schedules get better.

Now I’m not sure if those postponed hangouts will still happen. All I wish for them right now is for them to be well.

The main difference between my lifestyle before and now is that it’s no longer my choice to not go out. Previously, I enjoyed consensual isolation. Now it’s enforced. (Not that I’m complaining, I just like “chewing” my emotion and processing my feelings as part of the overall human experience. Cathartic stuff!) 

I also realized I’ve taken a lot of my time for granted, deciding to postpone things “in the future”, only to realize now that there may be a chance I won’t get to do them anymore as I previously envisioned. It’s fine though, pretty sure I’ll find ways to do them in other ways possible. Or just move on to activities of a different nature.

And no, I don’t regret it. I fully admit my actions (or lack thereof) and fully accept their repercussions. I won’t beat my younger self up, knowing that she was acting according to the best of her judgements at that point in time, and I only know of her actions as “mistakes” since I’m now older and wiser, more qualified and experienced to “correct” her. 

That was like choosing an option in a multiple-choice question without no fucking clue what’s the correct answer. You just choose what best feels right and you get the corrected answer later on.

I miss the <> of mountains and the salty breeze of the seas more than ever now.

I miss going out to feeding programs and seeing these beautiful, sweet children brightening up my day with their equally wonderful smiles. I hope they’re well.


And yes, I feel lonely.
I find comfort in knowing that this is a normal human condition, and that I’m not alone. Instead of creeping up in my own corner, I have a whole lot of opportunities to make my life matter by helping others, and so I should.

And so I’ll put my head down to work on Rapidpass-PWA and make use of my skills to help those who can’t help themselves.


————



I’m hopeful this will be over






Things I look forward to


Not any more often even in this time of quarantine. I do initiate and conversations go on for a few times, then it stops.