---
title: "Day 24: Bureaucracy In Emergency"
---

“Sino ka ba ha?“

Honestly, I don’t know any of you either.  And frankly, I don’t care. All I know is that we have to talk so we can see how we can possibly work together towards our common goal.  

“Why should we talk to you?”

I’ve already introduced myself as a volunteer at the UP Resilience Institute, collaborating directly with Dr. Mahar Lagmay, Dr. Michael Tee (Vice Chancellor of UP Manila), and the other members of decision-making body of UP Manila and of the UP Bayanihan Na project. I’ve also mentioned that the meeting’s agenda is to discuss what the current process is at PGH, how your system and platform work, how our system works, and how we can possibly integrate them.  Still, your concern was “sino ka ba? why should we talk to you?”

“Why didn’t we get an endorsement first?”

You did. You’re just not paying attention. And this reaction also makes it apparent that for you, bureaucracy trumps emergency. You wanted Mahar Lagmay to talk to you directly instead of communicating directly with his representative. Disappointing behavior of a member of the UP College of Engineering Faculty.  This is no way to treat any volunteer giving her time to help out in this time of crisis. 

Needless to say, you were disrespectful. You didn't even let me finish my sentences.

But I'd wager and it was a knee-jerk reaction on your part that you're not fully in control of, being a much older man who may not be used to working with younger, more progressive individuals. You're frustrated and you are projecting your frustrations on me.

I just hope that in times to come, your generation gets replaced with people who are more open to change, more open to collaboration than discrimination.
